Update building-msvc.md (#10073)
telegramdesktop/tdesktop: docs/building-msvc.md

Choose an empty folder for the future build, for example **D:\\TBuild**. It will be named ***BuildPath*** in the rest of this document. Create two folders there, ***BuildPath*\\ThirdParty** and ***BuildPath*\\Libraries**.

> #### About Visual Stodio 2019

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Install Visual Stodio 2019
```

> * Download **Visual Stodio 2019** installer from [https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/) and install it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Download the **Visual Studio 2019** installer from [https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/) and install it.
```

Reviewer: Probably the "MSCV build tools" is enough to build Telegram. Not sure, the full IDE is a requirement.

Author: thanks
I think your suggestion is better
